[Music]
ah hey you please stop bothering like
him so
Arthur I have some bad news for you this
is the last time we'll be meeting you
don't listen dear you just ask the same
questions every week how's your job are
you having any negative thoughts all I
have are negative thoughts
finally in a world where everyone thinks
they could do my job
check out this guy when I was a little
boy and told people I was gonna be a
comedian everyone laughed at me well no
one's laughing now you can say that
again
[Music]
so hospital isn't it
for my life
if I even really existed
but I do
starting to notice
I think this is funny
joke to you
very one small thing yeah when you bring
me out can you introduce me as Joker
[Music]
send in the clown
unless it is the man who remains
steadfast under try so how's the house
alone it's been our Cobra certain places
have personalities and sometimes they're
rotten hey he has a little kicker done
takes a real strong hand to turn them
around again
[Music]
this house has a history of bringing out
the worst in people
certainly creepy promise me you won't
say a word that lives about last night
you need to get out of here
[Music]
hate what you've done with the place I'm
worried you want to help me know is the
proud owner of Portsmouth former house
of ill-repute you know when a woman
doesn't like to be fussed with too much
I don't see you here ever again houses
aren't that different I guess
[Applause]
you want my advice get your husband and
your baby far away from that house
you
I believe there are answers in the sky
up there is where I have found the
greatest happiness
gentlemen to predict the weather could
save hundreds of thousands of lives we
are scientists not fortune television
you'll get your chance they'll realize
your work I think they know my work
quite well enough prove them wrong James
I'm a really good aranaut I want to use
what I'm good at
women do feelings and thoughs and she
makes such a show of herself miss Wren I
need to make studies of ya I'm not a
coachman for hire you are the only
person who could fly us higher than
anyone has ever been so will you
side begins
[Music]
don't you wish to be up there with them
some reach for the stars some push
others towards me
[Music]
[Applause]
whoo that's get wet is this balloon not
the strongest that's ever been even so
it can't fight the weather
I have a feeling they're not coming back
we are traveling into an unknown
stay right
[Music]
first you must ask yourself are you
wealthy super truth of the world is that
most games someone to win someone think
of this as a fairy tale that actually
happened there's confusion over who has
to pay so they drown Joe and twenty
other innocent people and somebody's
making money from it no it goes back to
this law firm Bozak Fonseca
so what happens next what do we do next
all I did was try and send money it's a
scam that goes from Houston to the West
Indies to some Bank who knows where
they're gonna weigh with murder which is
bad
big Buddhists such a big word for being
such a small
how does it all work bribery corruption
money longer millions and millions and
millions of dollars
somebody has to sound me along is my
money
most of the time we don't even know
[Music]
we passed on all we know
a thousand generations living you know
[Music]
but this is your fight
yes it's him
[Music]
I know that's not here
I know Serrano video at estatua sir kono
kata to get the kini Amanda
oh yeah kinda
Jamie you didn't end the show Johnny
Cecotto Celestino second on that
[Music]
Haryana I'm amazed
[Applause]
[Music]
ha ha no ceremony
come on Emma tomorrow Lucas a little
smile talk away she Nathaniel Lucas our
customer
[Music]
Maude imaginary Oh Sonia who Lyra tada
[Applause]
[Music]
Kariba pocono judicata stare second he
means in its 1801 over data
you'll see time to wrap it up
just a few more minutes
[Music]
I saw my house from space not literally
that my life
yep there it is
excuse me major Colvin has a theory that
he can tell who's walked in space just
by looking at it is more than theory you
keep your eye on this one
so show you how it's done I'm so proud
of you well have you done the moon him
back you know Michael Collins
of course Apollo 11 definitely the
command module for neon buzz so you know
that after he dropped them he circled
the moon for hours inside the module he
wrote I am now truly alone and
absolutely alone from any known life I
am it I need to get back out there
yet many younger so you're just gonna
have to work harder look at you straight
arrow you never done anything wrong in
your life I've done plenty of things
wrong really
hit me dr. Plimpton said you skipped
your last recessions I'm giving
everything to this program to the
mission kills me to say it but our girls
been pre and consistently negative I can
see she's tough cookie if the laptop not
ever working in all right I'm pulling
you out of the running for a riot no if
I were man you excuse me I know what
you're doing but you didn't lose it
this is not a drill cadet grab a stuff
what are you doing with her I'm
officially beginning to worry you acting
so strange
[Music]
I'm dead all systems go what's it like
up there only players worry anything
makes sense
[Music]
like 500 times all the way I have no
idea where he is don't know where he's
headed either north south west east
Mexico moon I'll have a clue but yo even
if I did I wouldn't tell you
Sam I'm watching the news same as
everybody else I seen that little cage
of his they kept him in I heard about
what all they did to him make sure he
kept cooking so sorry
I know what to tell you no way I'm
helping you people put Jesse Pinkman
back inside a cage
[Music]
do you feel this sense of achievement
oh my god and then the art out do
the new chapter my life has begun I'm
ready I can feel the weight of this
crown I wear
I've been forced her lie upon the
counsel of men whose loyalty I
questioned every waking moment
I need men around me I can trust
yeah because you know my friend Kim
girlfriends kidding
that's only follows and it fell but I
will come with you
[Music]
you
whenever you make a decision whatever
you choose there's another universe
somewhere where you made the opposite
choice I can't remember where you said
to meet now cow's consolation is it near
the sea
there are mysteries unsolved you'd like
this
it's like Scrabble only with pig
princesses what's a pig princess I love
to make the nice of this now what go on
we'll come back from the mall it's
already getting dark
I didn't bring a toothbrush which do you
want Cyberman or Dalek his brother went
missing and ever since then the prodigal
son
all he ever talked about was you I'm the
one who didn't run away I always say the
only good thing about jazz is that his
scores very highly and Scrabble
we don't fancy making this a bit more
interesting dad a wager
most chicks what an indentured Russian
peasant I knew had heard it before he
hustled him didn't hustle him I smashed
it
their son goes missing they're gonna
look at the body the one that might be
our Michael and you whistle them out of
200 quid when you put it like that
obviously you're welcome to stay gone
dad does my batter Shh there's a girl
then what's past two bus stops to be at
the same bus stop as her they doesn't
speak
when this is done the thing you have to
remember about these buttons is
sometimes always never you look spruce
doesn't he looks perfect
where have you seen this was before in a
game of Scrabble all Michael used to
play them he's not coming back you know
what have I got to be scared of the only
thing I'm scared of is dying before I
sort this out he talked about going to
meet some guy off the Internet is he
mentally enfeeble I'm only otherwise if
you want sex in my bed while we work
around sex in Jack's bed I'm not tall as
that worried he's a very experienced
sailor didn't he
you see
[Music]
[Applause]
talk talk fast you first my name is
Sarah Connor
August 29 1997
supposed to be Judgment Day
but I changed the future saved three
billion lives
enough of a resume for you
[Music]
you may have changed the future
you didn't change our fate
you're scared
protects you
I've never seen one like you before
almost human I am human just enhanced
why do you care what happens to her
because I was her
I can see you're very upset I am going
to help you protect the girl
if you don't make it
everybody dies respect a big pain
brother whole body's a weapon
all right
[Music]
and this is all over I am going to kill
you I understand
I'll be back
every film is a product of its time and
tells you something about the time it
was made there's a special status that
comes to some films that Lodge in the
audience's collective imagination alien
is certainly one of those films alien is
a radical break with science fiction and
that sanitized view of space han sturdy
Gers images they were sexual mechanical
biological and Ridley Scott was a gift
from the gods really was certain how
that was gonna happen all his innards of
a cow and the blood that was really
wanting this to connect to the phobias
that come from our ancient past they
were all thinking about this is more
than a science fiction adventure in the
future there is a commentary in there
about what we're doing as human beings
of questions that where did life come
from what does it mean to be human
scratch on global disaster about those
monsters outside the movie theater
torture alien was talking about
something that we're still not
comfortable addressing
hey you got a smoke man sorry Phil that
girl you blew away earlier she was an
actress Katherine did teri not tell you
he wants you to be in his movie what is
this film about it's sort of about how
we met we don't really know each other I
just want to take things slow I see why
he look at you yeah June but is still
before you even knew your name what do
you want from me
all I see up there is obsession with
this woman I don't think you have the
slightest idea of who she really is
I can walk away from that any time
you're different be my friend happy
movie there's about a detective the
woman he loves has disappeared so he
follows her trail and he finds out she
is not who he thought she was was there
love something real he has to find out
is she flesh and blood or vitiate
something else I like this phone I
haven't even told you the twist
what is she just using new something she
needs us I give her the bad boy that
she'll never take and you gave her a
true unrequited love she could feel
wistful about on rainy days I'm not
interested in balancing things out it's
my turn to be happy
[Music]
you used me I didn't seems to me it
would be for the best to let miss
Catherine go to
all directors fall in love with their
leading ladies and sometimes it's just
electric
[Music]
damn that's good